!!Explore the Cyber Kill Chain by Lockheed Martin.

Task 1 
How many phases comprise the Cyber Kill Chain?
ANS - 7

Task 2 
What is the term for using search engines to reveal sensitive information and confidential files?
ANS - Google Dorking

What type of reconnaissance is it where the attacker checks the social media pages?
ANS - passive reconnaissance

Task 3 
What technique is mentioned to evade detection by making it challenging to analyse the malicious code?
ANS - Obfuscation

What built-in feature makes creating a malicious MS Office document possible?
ANS - Macro

Task 4 
What method involves showing advertisements on legitimate websites to redirect users to malicious pages?
ANS - Malvertising

What phishing attack sends text messages with malicious links or instructions to download malware?
ANS - Smishing

Task 5  
What type of exploit is used before the vendor becomes aware of a vulnerability?
ANS - Zero-day exploit

What technology is mentioned to prevent an attacker from gaining access even with valid login credentials?
ANS - MFA

Task 6 
What tactic allows attackers to execute operating system commands on a target via a web browser interface?
ANS - web shell

What technique is mentioned to prevent the execution of unauthorised or malicious software by only allowing approved applications to run?
ANS - allowlisting

Task 7 
What is the name of the tactic where data is hidden within DNS queries?
ANS - DNS tunnelling

What protocol would the attacker use to smuggle his data as encrypted web traffic?
ANS - HTTPS

Task 8 
What is the term for stealing sensitive files from a target network?
ANS - Data Exfiltration

What principle limits who can access sensitive systems and data to minimise damage caused by an attacker?
ANS - principle of least privilege

What type of attack involves encrypting files and demanding payment in exchange for the decryption key?
ANS - Ransomware

Task 9 
What is the flag after you complete the static site?
ANS - THM{CKC_NJHERDX327}

Congratulations on finishing this room. It is time to explore the next room.
ANS - No answer needed














